docs: document qt.style and programs.rofi.theme changes (#1849)
nix-community/home-manager: doc/release-notes/rl-2105.adoc

resulting derivation. Use the newly introduced `programs.mpv.finalPackage`
instead.

* The <<opt-programs.rofi.extraConfig>> option is now an attribute set rather

> than a string. To migrate, move the each line into the attribute set,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
than a string. To migrate, move each line into the attribute set,
```

The `rofi` prefix needs to be dropped too, right?

Author: Yeah, it is right below.

  modi = "drun,emoji,ssh";
};
----

> +
> Also, <<opt-programs.rofi.theme>> option now supports defining a theme
> using an attribute set, so the following configuration is possible:
> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The <<opt-programs.rofi.theme>> option now supports defining a theme
using an attribute set, the following configuration is now possible:
+
```

* Home Manager now respects the `NO_COLOR` environment variable as per
https://no-color.org/[].

> +

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Remove the `+` here

* Qt module now supports <<opt-qt.style.name>> to specify a theme name and <<opt-qt.style.package>>

> to specify a theme package. In case you're using <<opt-qt.platformTheme>> set to `gnome`, now it
> is required to set a theme that is compatible with both Qt and Gtk. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to specify a theme package. If you have set <<opt-qt.platformTheme>> to `gnome`, a <<opt.qt.style.package>> compatible with both Qt and Gtk is now required to be set. For instance:
```

I'm not fond of either phrasing, feel free to improve.
